Evaluate selectors for non-optional gates (#1111)
o1-labs/proof-systems: book/src/specs/kimchi.md

    pub generic_selector: Evals,
    /// evaluation of the poseidon selector polynomial
    pub poseidon_selector: Evals,

>     /// evaluation of the EC addition selector polynomial

Reviewer: The image has to be updated in the high level IP also.

>     pub complete_add_selector: Evals,

Reviewer 2: So this means only the purely optional gates such as Rot64 will be part of the linearization process? Got it

>     /// evaluation of the EC addition selector polynomial
>     pub complete_add_selector: Evals,
>     /// evaluation of the EC variable base scalar multiplication selector polynomial
>     pub mul_selector: Evals,

Reviewer 3: [minor] EC does not seem to be used anywhere else in the book. I suggest to expand it like so
```suggestion
    /// evaluation of the elliptic curve addition selector polynomial
    pub complete_add_selector: Evals,
    /// evaluation of the elliptic curve variable base scalar multiplication selector polynomial
    pub mul_selector: Evals,
```
